Michael Horenstein: I wrote the description of the application and helped refine the E/R diagram deciding what was essential and what needed to be connected. I also helped with the list of database tables and what attributes should be keys. Like everyone else in the group, I helped formulate the idea of the project. Most importantly, I built the massive database we used for our tables using a python Jupyter Notebook combining some information from the Duke API and some information from assumptions. It took me a very long time to get the data and generate pseudo values for what classes people take, tutor, ta etc. I have put this data into CSV files that others are turned into SQL files. A more in depth of my termenology for how I did this is found in the Final Report and the notebook itself in zipped form with accompanying files is in this folder.

Gray Perrone: I was responsible for creating all the SQL queries used in the website. I worked with Adam on making sure these queries ran quickly and efficiently. I also helped him with the general database design. After the basic queries were working well, I wrote some extra creative queries that give the user even more capabilities on our website and that will help them pick courses to form the optimal schedule and find help from a variety of sources if they need it. 


Adam Davidovich: My task was to create and design the underlying database of our website. This included creating the E/R diagram; designing each table, their attributes, keys, and foreign keys/other references; making the create, load, and drop files for the database; working with Michael to ensure that all of the queried and created data conformed to our design; and working with Gray to ensure that our queries performed optimally using the information contained within our database. In addition, I worked to create triggers and indexes which will ensure added protection for our data, enhanced information constraints based on feasible scenarios, as well as significantly increased loading speed. Lastly, I helped with Teddy to flush out ideas on the website design regarding functionalities and relations between web pages

Daniel Bass-Blue: I helped manage the project's outline and distributed roles accordingly. I put in input on the description of the application. Began wireframing the UI of the application and iterating on design. Additionally, we are looking to design the user imput portal for courses they have taken when signing up.

Ted Marchildon: I built out the web app in its entirety. I made the database interactive so the user can both view their information and update their information. I tried to make access points to the database easy, so that the users have a good experience. I deployed the app on the google vm, and integrated the postgres database with the web server, and the web server with the browser. Learned a lot and really enjoyed it!
